#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/ubuntu.txt requirements/ubuntu.in
#
ansible==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements/ubuntu.in
ansible-core==2.12.6
    # via ansible
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via openstacksdk
attrs==21.4.0
    # via cmd2
autopage==0.5.1
    # via cliff
certifi==2022.5.18.1
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
cliff==3.10.1
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
cmd2==2.4.1
    # via cliff
cryptography==37.0.2
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   kolla-ansible
    #   openstacksdk
debtcollector==2.5.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   openstacksdk
dogpile-cache==1.1.5
    # via openstacksdk
hvac==0.11.2
    # via kolla-ansible
idna==3.3
    # via requests
iso8601==1.0.2
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   kolla-ansible
jmespath==1.0.0
    # via
    #   kolla-ansible
    #   openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonpatch
keystoneauth1==4.6.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
kolla-ansible==14.0.0
    # via -r requirements/ubuntu.in
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
mitogen==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements/ubuntu.in
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via oslo-serialization
munch==2.5.0
    # via openstacksdk
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
openstacksdk==0.99.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==2.6.0
    # via python-openstackclient
oslo-config==8.8.0
    # via
    #   kolla-ansible
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-i18n==5.1.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo-serialization==4.3.0
    # via
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo-utils==4.13.0
    # via
    #   kolla-ansible
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
pbr==5.9.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   kolla-ansible
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   stevedore
prettytable==3.3.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-novaclient
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   oslo-utils
    #   packaging
pyperclip==1.8.2
    # via cmd2
python-cinderclient==8.3.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-keystoneclient==4.5.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-novaclient==18.0.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-openstackclient==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements/ubuntu.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   cliff
    #   kolla-ansible
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   hvac
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
resolvelib==0.5.4
    # via ansible-core
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   hvac
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   munch
    #   python-keystoneclient
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via debtcollector
